[Music]
wait why didn't you shut up farm they're
so loud fuckin rude ass monkey
what the fuck yeah
a vital decision why I'm playing a game
dude yeah why long weeks every day leave
met a lot of amazing Rick all right I'm
sorry for being graded on you're still
fucking going off and I said fucking say
I said sorry
how hard is it fucking sucks overlooking
right
I don't need a fucking nail the shit I
don't need to do it get the fuck out of
here
fucking a game okay when I'm talking to
you whiny little bitch about it your
little fucking rager
you
whatever dude what do you mean whatever
whatever
what do you mean whatever I'm playing
again okay your point gave you tell us
to fly down why are you so fucking
breathe because I'm playing solo cute
okay cuz it's old and I said sigh and
you think it's because I often say sorry
you can constantly fucking Oh Brad
talking on you always do that you always
do that and yes it's it's bad at me to
fucking rage from solo queue but every
time I say sorry you always give me a
shitty for us all fucking I'm honestly
sorry is your it's a way you work if the
it's your tone and so fucking rude
obviously sorry you don't even mean it
based on your tone anything baby that's
gonna help no it doesn't sound you get
fucking an order to do shit while I get
annoyed about a lot of shit and leave
get out of here too fucking annoyed
those are yelling at people bang des
don't fuckin rage like that no one wants
to be around people like that you're
constantly fucking harp on people all
the fucking you do it especially do it a
fucking me I'm stressed out on pink
soloqueue so I can warm up for a scrim
so I can fucking shit on tonight a scrim
so get me read no I argued the
expression because you are to me what
I'm right Wendy everything tribute
besides a sit there because every time I
fucking contribute nothing gets solved I
guess I do contribute there's so fucking
stubborn not positively it's not
productively tell me about it how is any
of this productive house constantly
fucking heart being productive regalo
when you know Gigi cuddling you fucking
going special on shit because productive
why do you are you wrong why do you got
what do you say that oh we can all
contribute when you two are arguing when
we can when we say something or two you
guys constantly go on and the same thing
you don't even take into consideration
you barely do thank you I just taught
you that you're wrong you try to put
your feet when you're on I tell you that
and you said are you anyways this like
right now you're stable you said sorry
but you're starting shit too